Update readme for CBMC local runs (#473)
aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk: README.md

In order to run these proofs you will need to install CBMC and other tools by following the instructions [here](https://model-checking.github.io/cbmc-training/installation.html).

### CBMC Locally
To run a single CBMC proof locally, you can build the Makefile in any of the CBMC proofs. The Makefile is located in the `test/cbmc/proof/<the proof you want>/` directory.

Running `make` will produce a HTML-based report nearly identical to the one produced by the CI step.

**A couple notes about CBMC Proofs**
* Mac doesn't implement POSIX message queues (mqueue.h)
* It is possible that Mac fails to recognize your loop unwinding identifiers. For this case, you'll want to use the `__builtin___<function>_chk` identifier.

>   * For example, the **requestJob_Mqtt** proof  fails on my MAC with the following error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, the **requestJob_Mqtt** proof fails on macOS with the following error:
```

```
Loop unwinding failures
[trace] __builtin___strncpy_chk.unwind.0 in line 36 in file <builtin-library-__builtin___strncpy_chk>
```

> To solve this, replace `strncpy` with `__builtin___strncpy_ch on [this line](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/test/cbmc/proofs/requestJob_Mqtt/Makefile#L16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this issue, replace `strncpy` with `__builtin___strncpy_ch` on [this line](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/test/cbmc/proofs/requestJob_Mqtt/Makefile#L16).
```
